hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be sharing my night routine with you for
university so I know that this video
again is very delivered to you but I
really hope that you enjoy watching so
I'm starting this routine at 4:30 and
you will see that the main thing I tend
to do in my night routine is study so I
have found that I've been working most
productively from 3 p.m. to 9 p.m. so
that's what I've been doing my most
heavy duty work so this particular day I
was doing some seminar preparation and
was just going through my copy of
Paradise Lost I'd already read it by
this point but I was getting more
specific points to answer the questions
which I have been set to think about so
then at around 6:30 7:00 I will get up
and go to the kitchen to make myself
some dinner so this particular day I am
really just using up the things that I
have in because I'm going home this
weekend and I don't want to leave any
food waste so that's why my dinner is
very mismatched I decided to have 3/4 of
a bagel with some spinach peppers
avocado and some tahini it was a really
delicious dinner and I'd also of course
had some hummus with that because I
honestly don't think I go single meal
without eating any others
then I was back to work as you can see I
am conscious whenever I feel my night
routine of it just turning into a study
with me because I did have quite a lot
of studying in the evenings
[Music]
so that maybe after another hour and a
half of studying I will get my plates
from dinner and usually from lunch as
well and take these to the kitchen to
wash them up
[Music]
and I will fill up my glass of water
because it's very important stay
hydrated while you study
[Music]
so then at around 9:30 I will stop
working and tidy up my desk space
[Music]
and I'm just putting away my study
planner here as well which is available
on my website if you are interested it's
the main thing I use to plan study
sessions so then I will put on some
Christmas music and I will go check my
emails respond to any emails that I've
been sent and I will also usually check
Instagram at this point and maybe your
apply two semesters or read some
comments so as you can see I have to
actually kneel on my bookshelf to you
close my curtain because for some reason
it doesn't open all the way
so now we'll head to the bathroom and I
will have a shower not a cold shower
this time cold showers are for the
morning and these are the products I use
I use a Nevada shampoo a body shop
conditioner and the Snow Fairy shower
gel then I'll put on my slippers and
also my bed jackets
[Music]
and I will fold up my towel and hang
this on radiator to dry the next thing I
like to do is tidy my room I don't like
to go too bad with my room a mess
and also this particular day I needed to
return some library books the next
morning so I just went through and
regretful you said goodbye to those that
I was going to have to return the next
day then I will pick up my hot water
bottle and go fill this up I will also
fill up my water bottle because even
though I've got a glass of water in my
room I usually drink a lot of water
during the night and whilst the kettle
is boiling I will go and brush my teeth
I always put my toothbrush on the side
to dry because it's a bamboo toothbrush
and I don't want it to go moldy or
anything and then I just head back fill
up my lovely head with hot water bottle
[Music]
then before going to sleep I like to do
some evening structures I just find this
very meditative and relaxing so I don't
do very much I just do some very basic
straddle splits stretching
[Music]
and then I will get into bed
I will pick up my phone and set my alarm
usually for seven o'clock because I
haven't been sleeping well and I know
that I probably won't get to sleep until
quite late I also like to put my phone
on charge just to make sure that it's
charged for tomorrow I have actually
started watching a tiny bit of
television before going to bed so at the
moment I am watching the show dr. Foster
which I'm really enjoying and I watched
20 minutes of an episode this evening
and then after I finished my finished
watching something I will put my
computer on charge after that I like to
do the New York Times mini crossword
these are really really quick and I also
just read through some of the headlines
and articles on the New York Times the
next thing I like to do is some kindness
journaling say this is the kindness
journal that I sell on my website
pumpkin productivity and I just really
love giving myself the time every
evening to reflect upon the kind things
other people have done for me kind
things I've done and basically the
question of how I can be more kind and
be more intentional with my actions and
use my actions for good which is really
the intention of this journal and I
really enjoy doing it every evening
[Music]
then the next thing i'll do is read so
the moment i'm reading and the ocean was
our sky a beautiful beautiful level by
Patrick Ness and I will read for usually
about half an hour then I like to put on
some of this sleepy body lotion from
lush and I will also put on this relaxed
rollerball from the white company it's
this really nice lavender essential oil
[Music]
then I'll go turn off the lights and go
to sleep so thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]
you